Fridge Water Line Installation 15y experience certified - KARAN
738
Washer & Dryer Installation, Fridge water Licensed Insured, Dishwasher Installation, Water for Fridge, Fridge Repair
Water line for fridge or Ice Maker.  Licensed & Insured.   Brampton, Mississauga, Oakville, Vaughan, Toronto, Caledon

Plumbing connections for ice maker water lines are typically made in the basement of homes by running water pipe through a floor to connect with a valve placed on existing water lines.
EXTON ELECTRIC & PLUMBING LTD
Feel Free to Contact Us At  
Karan TEL: (416) 805 6144

When install a water line to a fridge or ice maker, we are using correct materials to ensure the water flows well and everything is installed up correctly.

Fridge Water Lines supply material.
1. Plastic Tube Polyethylene
2. Copper Tube
3. Braided stainless-steel tube

Plastic Tube Polyethylene
The water supply line usually a plastic tube in terms of materials, plastic lines are the most cost effective but also least durable. The biggest threat lies in these lines cracking, clogging or leaking, causing water damage. we do not recommend them. 

plastic tubing Most contain a saddle valve (which does not meet plumbing code)

Please Beware of Plastic Tubing on Refrigerator Waterline

We don’t recommend them. Most contain a saddle valve (which does not meet plumbing code, and some contain plastic tubing (which can dry, split, and leak over time). We recommend more permanent valves and Braided Stainless Steel tubing for better water flow and reduced risk of leaks, which can cause extensive damage.

Copper tubing
Copper is durable. The only problem I see with using copper is that it can kink easily. it is quite possible that the line could get caught and kink causing the water flow to be blocked or worse.

Braided Stainless Steel Tube
Braided tubing is a very strong and durable product that will not cut easily, kink easily, it looks the same as the braided water supply lines you use to toilet or a sink to your hot and cold-water lines.,

We recommend more permanent valves and Braided Stainless Steel tubing for better water flow and reduced risk of leaks, which can cause extensive damage.

Our Services
Appliances Installation
Built in Refrigerator.
Cook tops.
Dishwasher
Over-the-Range Microwave Oven
Range Hoods
Wall Ovens
Washer & Dryer

Our Installations Are Guaranteed Free from Error with A Full Parts And Labor Warranty For, So You Will Feel Safe Knowing That No Further Expenses Will Be Incurred From A Faulty Installation.

Fully Licensed & Insured
Feel Free to Contact Us At
Karan TEL: (416) 805 6144
Website: www.extron.ca

BRAMPTON, MISSISSAUGA, OAKVILLE, VAUGHAN, TORONTO, CALEDON
